Monica: There's nothing to tell! He's just some guy I work with!

Joey: C'mon, you're going out with the guy! There's gotta be something wrong with him!

Chandler: All right Joey, be nice. So does he have a hump? A hump and a hairpiece?

Phoebe: Wait, does he eat chalk? Just, 'cause, I don't want her to go through what I went through with Carl.

Monica: Okay, everybody relax. This is not even a date. It's just two people going out to dinner and not having sex.

Chandler: Sounds like a date to me.

===

Monica: Rachel?!

Rachel: Oh God Monica hi! Thank God! I went to your building and you weren't there, then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are!

Monica: Can I get you some coffee?

Rachel: Decaf. Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor. This is everybody. Chandler, Phoebe, Joey, and you remember my brother Ross?

Ross: Hi.

Rachel: Oh, hi.

Monica: So, you wanna tell us now, or are we waiting for four wet bridesmaids?

Rachel: Oh, God... well, it started about a half-hour before the wedding. I was in the room, and I was looking at this gravy boat. This really gorgeous Limoges gravy boat. And then I realized that I was more turned on by this gravy boat than by Barry! And then I got really freaked out, and that's when it hit me: how much Barry looks like Mr. Potato Head.

===

Joey: You guys, I need some help. I have an audition for a play tomorrow, and the character is supposed to be really angry, but I just can't get it right.

Monica: Well, what is he angry about?

Joey: He found out his wife is having an affair with his best friend.

Chandler: Wow, that's heavy. Have you tried thinking about something that makes you really mad?

Joey: Yeah, I tried thinking about someone eating the last slice of pizza. But it just made me sad, not angry.

Phoebe: Oh, Joey. Try thinking about a world where there is no pizza at all!

Joey: Whoa! Phoebe! That's too dark! I want to get the part, not have a nervous breakdown!

===

Ross: Okay, just a little more. Chandler, turn it. Rachel, lift it.

Chandler: Ross, there is no room to turn!

Ross: Yes there is! You just have to pivot!

Chandler: What?

Ross: Pivot! Pivot! Pivot!

Chandler: Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!

Ross: Okay, I don't think it's gonna go any further.

Chandler: You think? What are you gonna do now?

Ross: I'm gonna go to the store and tell them I want a couch that is not broken.

Chandler: You mean a couch that is not cut in half?

Ross: I will take what they give me!

===

Phoebe: Okay Joey, let's try again. Repeat after me: Je.

Joey: Je.

Phoebe: M'appelle.

Joey: M'appelle.

Phoebe: Claude.

Joey: Claude.

Phoebe: Je m'appelle Claude.

Joey: Jet-blue bla-blo-bla!

Phoebe: No, Joey! Not even close!

Joey: What? I said exactly what you said!

Phoebe: No you didn't! Let's try it faster. Je m'appelle.

Joey: Me-poo-poo!

Phoebe: Oh, we are never going to get this audition.

===

Phoebe: Hey guys, do you want to hear my new song?

Monica: Sure, Phoebe. What's it about?

Phoebe: It's about a cat. But not just any cat. A very smelly cat.

Phoebe: Smelly Cat, Smelly Cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly Cat, Smelly Cat, it's not your fault!

Joey: That's actually really catchy, Pheebs.

Phoebe: Thank you, Joey. It's about how society rejects those who are different, even if they just smell bad.

Chandler: I think it's just about a cat that needs a bath.

Phoebe: You don't understand art, Chandler.

===

Joey: What is this?

Rachel: It's my salad. I was just offering you some.

Joey: No! No, no, no! Joey doesn't share food!

Rachel: Joey, it's just a grape tomato.

Joey: I don't care if it's a grape tomato or a whole turkey! Once it's on my plate, or if it's mine, it's mine!

Phoebe: He's serious, Rachel. Once he ordered a seafood platter and he almost bit my hand off when I reached for a clam.

Joey: You wanted my clam! You don't take a man's clam!

===

Ross: You guys, you need to understand the concept of Unagi.

Rachel: Isn't that a kind of sushi?

Ross: Yes, it is. But it is also a state of total awareness.

Phoebe: Total awareness? Like when you know there's only one cookie left in the jar?

Ross: No! It's a martial arts term. Only by achieving true Unagi can you prepare yourself for any danger that may come.

Rachel: Ross, we took self-defense classes. We know how to defend ourselves.

Ross: Oh, really? What if I were to attack you right now?

Phoebe: Then we would kick you in the shins until you cry.

Ross: That is not Unagi!

===

Ross: Welcome to the ultimate trivia game. The stakes are high. If the guys win, they get the girls' apartment. If the girls win, the guys have to get rid of the rooster.

Monica: We are going to destroy you.

Ross: Question number one. What is Monica's biggest pet peeve?

Rachel: Easy! Animals dressed as humans!

Ross: Correct. Question number two. What is Chandler Bing's actual job?

Rachel: Oh, it has something to do with numbers... and he carries a briefcase.

Monica: He's a transponster!

Rachel: That's not even a word!

Ross: Ten seconds...

Monica: Oh my God, we are going to lose our apartment!

===

Ross: Oh my God, it's so hot in here. My pants are sticking to my legs.

Joey: Why did you wear leather pants on a date anyway?

Ross: Because I wanted to look cool! But now I'm in the bathroom, and I can't get them back up!

Joey: Did you try using lotion? Or baby powder?

Ross: I tried both! Now I have a paste! A paste has formed on my legs, Joey!

Joey: Okay, don't panic. Just try to walk out slowly.

Ross: Joey, I can't walk! I look like a wet seal!

===

Monica: Chandler, we have to be careful. No one can find out about us.

Chandler: I know. But it's hard when I just want to kiss you all the time.

Monica: I know, sweetie. But if Joey finds out, he'll tell everyone. And Ross will go crazy because you're his best friend and I'm his sister.

Chandler: Right. So we just act normal. No holding hands, no whispering, and absolutely no looking at each other like we like each other.

Monica: Deal. Now go stand over there and look annoyed.

Chandler: That is my default setting anyway.

===

Rachel: I can't believe you did that!

Ross: Rachel, we were on a break!

Rachel: That does not give you the right to sleep with someone else!

Ross: We were broken up! You said we should take a break!

Rachel: A break from us, Ross! Not a break from reality!

Ross: I thought you were with Mark! I was hurt, I was drunk, and I made a mistake!

Rachel: Yes, you did! And now you have to live with it!

===

Monica: Joey, what are you doing?

Joey: I got my head stuck in the turkey!

Monica: You what?! How is that even possible?

Joey: I was trying to scare Chandler! But now it's stuck and I can't see anything!

Monica: Joey! This is a twenty-pound turkey!

Chandler: Oh my God, Joey! You look like a giant mutant bird!

Joey: Help me! It smells like raw onion in here!

Monica: Hold still, I'm going to put some butter on your neck!

===

Ross: Monica, look at my teeth. Are they too white?

Monica: Ross, they look like they are glowing in the dark!

Ross: I just left the whitener on a little too long!

Monica: You left it on for two hours!

Ross: What am I going to do? I have a date with Hillary tonight!

Monica: Well, don't smile. And if she tells a joke, just look very serious.

Ross: Or I could only hang out in brightly lit rooms?

Monica: Ross, your teeth are brighter than the sun!

===

Ross: Someone ate my sandwich.

Joey: So what? It's just a sandwich.

Ross: It was not just a sandwich! It was the only good thing happening in my life! It had a gravy-soaked slice of bread in the middle! I call it the Moist Maker!

Chandler: Okay, Ross. Calm down. Who ate it?

Ross: My boss! He ate half of it, and then he threw the rest in the trash!

Joey: He threw it in the trash?! That's a crime against food!

Ross: Exactly! I'm going to write a very angry letter!

===

Rachel: I made the dessert for Thanksgiving! It's a traditional English trifle!

Ross: Rachel, what is in this?

Rachel: It has ladyfingers, jam, custard, raspberries, more ladyfingers, beef sautéed with peas and onions, and then a little more custard!

Joey: Beef? Sautéed with peas and onions?

Rachel: Yes! I followed the recipe!

Ross: Rachel, the pages of the cookbook were stuck together! You made half a trifle and half a shepherd's pie!

Joey: Well, I think it sounds delicious. I like custard, I like jam, and I like beef! What's not to like?

Chandler: It tastes like feet!

===

Janice: Oh. My. God!

Chandler: Janice?! What are you doing here?

Janice: I was just walking down the street, and I felt a little pull in my heart, and I knew my Chandler was nearby!

Chandler: Janice, we broke up. Three times.

Janice: But Chandler, we are like magnets! You can try to run, but we will always stick back together!

Chandler: Somebody please help me.

Janice: Don't be silly, channy-bear! Give me a big hug!

===

Phoebe: Oh, look, there's Monica and Chandler through the window.

Phoebe: Oh! Oh! Oh my God!

Rachel: What? What is it?

Phoebe: Chandler and Monica! Chandler and Monica! They're doing it!

Rachel: I know! I know!

Phoebe: You know?!

Rachel: Yes, Joey and I found out! But we can't let them know we know!

Phoebe: Oh my God! My eyes! My eyes!

===

Joey: Chandler, where is Ben?

Chandler: He's right here in the stroller.

Joey: No, he's not. That is a diaper bag.

Chandler: What?! Oh my God! Where is the baby?

Joey: We left him on the bus!

Chandler: We left Ross's baby on a city bus?!

Joey: Okay, don't panic. We just need to catch the next bus!

Chandler: Joey, they don't travel in packs!

===

Rachel: Well, I guess this is it.

Monica: I can't believe we are all leaving this apartment.

Joey: It feels so empty without all the furniture.

Chandler: Yeah. It looks smaller.

Phoebe: Do you guys want to go get some coffee?

Rachel: Sure. Where should we go?

Chandler: Under the circumstances, I think we should go to Central Perk.

Monica: We have to.

Joey: Let's go.
