A hump and a hairpiece?
A paste has formed on my legs, Joey!
A very smelly cat.
And Ross will go crazy because you're his best friend and I'm his sister.
And if she tells a joke, just look very serious.
And now you have to live with it!
And then I got really freaked out, and that's when it hit me: how much Barry looks like Mr.
And then I realized that I was more turned on by this gravy boat than by Barry!
Animals dressed as humans!
Are they too white?
But if Joey finds out, he'll tell everyone.
But it is also a state of total awareness.
But it just made me sad, not angry.
But it's hard when I just want to kiss you all the time.
But not just any cat.
But now I'm in the bathroom, and I can't get them back up!
But now it's stuck and I can't see anything!
But we can't let them know we know!
Calm down.
Chandler and Monica!
Chandler, Phoebe, Joey, and you remember my brother Ross?
Chandler, turn it.
Chandler: All right Joey, be nice.
Chandler: He's right here in the stroller.
Chandler: I know.
Chandler: I think it's just about a cat that needs a bath.
Chandler: It tastes like feet!
Chandler: Janice, we broke up.
Chandler: Janice?!
Chandler: Joey, they don't travel in packs!
Chandler: Oh my God, Joey!
Chandler: Okay, Ross.
Chandler: Right.
Chandler: Ross, there is no room to turn!
Chandler: Shut up!
Chandler: Somebody please help me.
Chandler: Sounds like a date to me.
Chandler: That is my default setting anyway.
Chandler: Under the circumstances, I think we should go to Central Perk.
Chandler: We left Ross's baby on a city bus?!
Chandler: What?
Chandler: What?!
Chandler: Wow, that's heavy.
Chandler: Yeah.
Chandler: You mean a couch that is not cut in half?
Chandler: You think?
Give me a big hug!
God!
Have you tried thinking about something that makes you really mad?
He ate half of it, and then he threw the rest in the trash!
He's just some guy I work with!
How is that even possible?
I call it the Moist Maker!
I followed the recipe!
I have a date with Hillary tonight!
I have an audition for a play tomorrow, and the character is supposed to be really angry, but I just can't get it right.
I know!
I like custard, I like jam, and I like beef!
I look like a wet seal!
I said exactly what you said!
I want to get the part, not have a nervous breakdown!
I was hurt, I was drunk, and I made a mistake!
I was in the room, and I was looking at this gravy boat.
I was just offering you some.
I went to your building and you weren't there, then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are!
I'm going to write a very angry letter!
If the girls win, the guys have to get rid of the rooster.
If the guys win, they get the girls' apartment.
It had a gravy-soaked slice of bread in the middle!
It looks smaller.
It smells like raw onion in here!
It was the only good thing happening in my life!
It's a martial arts term.
It's a traditional English trifle!
It's about how society rejects those who are different, even if they just smell bad.
It's just a sandwich.
It's just two people going out to dinner and not having sex.
Janice: But Chandler, we are like magnets!
Janice: Don't be silly, channy-bear!
Janice: I was just walking down the street, and I felt a little pull in my heart, and I knew my Chandler was nearby!
Janice: Oh.
Je m'appelle.
Joey doesn't share food!
Joey: Beef?
Joey: C'mon, you're going out with the guy!
Joey: Chandler, where is Ben?
Joey: Claude.
Joey: Did you try using lotion?
Joey: He found out his wife is having an affair with his best friend.
Joey: He threw it in the trash?!
Joey: Help me!
Joey: I don't care if it's a grape tomato or a whole turkey!
Joey: I got my head stuck in the turkey!
Joey: I was trying to scare Chandler!
Joey: It feels so empty without all the furniture.
Joey: Je.
Joey: Jet-blue bla-blo-bla!
Joey: Let's go.
Joey: M'appelle.
Joey: Me-poo-poo!
Joey: No!
Joey: No, he's not.
Joey: Okay, don't panic.
Joey: So what?
Joey: That's actually really catchy, Pheebs.
Joey: We left him on the bus!
Joey: Well, I think it sounds delicious.
Joey: What is this?
Joey: What?
Joey: Whoa!
Joey: Why did you wear leather pants on a date anyway?
Joey: Yeah, I tried thinking about someone eating the last slice of pizza.
Joey: You guys, I need some help.
Joey: You wanted my clam!
Just try to walk out slowly.
Just, 'cause, I don't want her to go through what I went through with Carl.
Let's try it faster.
Like when you know there's only one cookie left in the jar?
Monica: Can I get you some coffee?
Monica: Chandler, we have to be careful.
Monica: Deal.
Monica: He's a transponster!
Monica: Hold still, I'm going to put some butter on your neck!
Monica: I can't believe we are all leaving this apartment.
Monica: I know, sweetie.
Monica: Joey!
Monica: Joey, what are you doing?
Monica: Oh my God, we are going to lose our apartment!
Monica: Okay, everybody relax.
Monica: Rachel?!
Monica: Ross, they look like they are glowing in the dark!
Monica: Ross, your teeth are brighter than the sun!
Monica: So, you wanna tell us now, or are we waiting for four wet bridesmaids?
Monica: Sure, Phoebe.
Monica: There's nothing to tell!
Monica: We are going to destroy you.
Monica: We have to.
Monica: Well, don't smile.
Monica: Well, what is he angry about?
Monica: You left it on for two hours!
Monica: You what?!
My eyes!
My pants are sticking to my legs.
My.
No holding hands, no whispering, and absolutely no looking at each other like we like each other.
No one can find out about us.
No, no, no!
Not a break from reality!
Not even close!
Now I have a paste!
Now go stand over there and look annoyed.
Oh my God!
Oh!
Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor.
Once he ordered a seafood platter and he almost bit my hand off when I reached for a clam.
Once it's on my plate, or if it's mine, it's mine!
Only by achieving true Unagi can you prepare yourself for any danger that may come.
Or baby powder?
Phoebe!
Phoebe: Chandler and Monica!
Phoebe: Claude.
Phoebe: Do you guys want to go get some coffee?
Phoebe: He's serious, Rachel.
Phoebe: Hey guys, do you want to hear my new song?
Phoebe: It's about a cat.
Phoebe: Je m'appelle Claude.
Phoebe: M'appelle.
Phoebe: No you didn't!
Phoebe: No, Joey!
Phoebe: Oh my God!
Phoebe: Oh!
Phoebe: Oh, Joey.
Phoebe: Oh, look, there's Monica and Chandler through the window.
Phoebe: Oh, we are never going to get this audition.
Phoebe: Okay Joey, let's try again.
Phoebe: Smelly Cat, Smelly Cat, what are they feeding you?
Phoebe: Thank you, Joey.
Phoebe: Then we would kick you in the shins until you cry.
Phoebe: Total awareness?
Phoebe: Wait, does he eat chalk?
Phoebe: You don't understand art, Chandler.
Phoebe: You know?!
Pivot!
Potato Head.
Question number two.
Rachel, lift it.
Rachel: A break from us, Ross!
Rachel: Decaf.
Rachel: Easy!
Rachel: I can't believe you did that!
Rachel: I know!
Rachel: I made the dessert for Thanksgiving!
Rachel: Isn't that a kind of sushi?
Rachel: It has ladyfingers, jam, custard, raspberries, more ladyfingers, beef sautéed with peas and onions, and then a little more custard!
Rachel: It's my salad.
Rachel: Joey, it's just a grape tomato.
Rachel: Oh God Monica hi!
Rachel: Oh, God...
Rachel: Oh, hi.
Rachel: Oh, it has something to do with numbers...
Rachel: Ross, we took self-defense classes.
Rachel: Sure.
Rachel: That does not give you the right to sleep with someone else!
Rachel: That's not even a word!
Rachel: Well, I guess this is it.
Rachel: What?
Rachel: Yes!
Rachel: Yes, Joey and I found out!
Rachel: Yes, you did!
Repeat after me: Je.
Ross: Because I wanted to look cool!
Ross: Correct.
Ross: Exactly!
Ross: Hi.
Ross: I just left the whitener on a little too long!
Ross: I thought you were with Mark!
Ross: I tried both!
Ross: I will take what they give me!
Ross: I'm gonna go to the store and tell them I want a couch that is not broken.
Ross: It was not just a sandwich!
Ross: Joey, I can't walk!
Ross: Monica, look at my teeth.
Ross: My boss!
Ross: No!
Ross: Oh my God, it's so hot in here.
Ross: Oh, really?
Ross: Okay, I don't think it's gonna go any further.
Ross: Okay, just a little more.
Ross: Or I could only hang out in brightly lit rooms?
Ross: Pivot!
Ross: Question number one.
Ross: Rachel, the pages of the cookbook were stuck together!
Ross: Rachel, we were on a break!
Ross: Rachel, what is in this?
Ross: Someone ate my sandwich.
Ross: Ten seconds...
Ross: That is not Unagi!
Ross: We were broken up!
Ross: Welcome to the ultimate trivia game.
Ross: What am I going to do?
Ross: Yes there is!
Ross: Yes, it is.
Ross: You guys, you need to understand the concept of Unagi.
Sautéed with peas and onions?
Shut up!
Smelly Cat, Smelly Cat, it's not your fault!
So does he have a hump?
So we just act normal.
Thank God!
That is a diaper bag.
That's a crime against food!
That's too dark!
The stakes are high.
There's gotta be something wrong with him!
They're doing it!
This is a twenty-pound turkey!
This is everybody.
This is not even a date.
This really gorgeous Limoges gravy boat.
Three times.
Try thinking about a world where there is no pizza at all!
We just need to catch the next bus!
We know how to defend ourselves.
What are you doing here?
What are you gonna do now?
What if I were to attack you right now?
What is Chandler Bing's actual job?
What is Monica's biggest pet peeve?
What is it?
What's it about?
What's not to like?
Where is the baby?
Where should we go?
Who ate it?
You can try to run, but we will always stick back together!
You don't take a man's clam!
You just have to pivot!
You look like a giant mutant bird!
You made half a trifle and half a shepherd's pie!
You said we should take a break!
and he carries a briefcase.
well, it started about a half-hour before the wedding.
